updated discover with alt text (#77660)
elastic/kibana: docs/discover/search.asciidoc

retrieve the latest results.

[role="screenshot"]

> image::images/autorefresh-interval.png[Image showing what refresh interval option looks like. The configurable time interval is located in a drop down menu.]

Reviewer: ```suggestion
image::images/autorefresh-interval.png[Image showing what refresh interval option looks like. The configurable time interval is located in the dropdown]
```
